---
layout: post
title: DVD in MARC
date: 2018-03-11
---

<div class="show"> dvd growing up wildcats in MARC </div>

My personal health is getting in the way and so grasping the concepts of building classifications and cataloging was difficult this week. I need more practice. 

### News + Links
* Ideal internship or practicuum situation: Kendra for transportation librarianship / library as a publisher with data thing (https://twitter.com/tranlib/status/974309822878203904)
* decided to sign onto another year lease with current apt in brooklyn, sans one roommate
* kickstarted delta.nyc Product/Project manager role. Learned that there's a simple secure mass texting service. good
* missing the archiving reception on Friday 3/23 sad
* had almost 2+ weeks of no boss, and running the Tech services department. This could be do-able
* link out to Sofia's article in govtech about digital equity and search engine bias
* had first demo with Blu3tone and it was productive and helpful. I hope they get something good out of it
* things i want to catalog eventually in life:
Housing websites
Cat toys
Indoor plants
Vietnamese food ingredients
Bike parts
ADNY data sets
ADNY quarterly and annual reports
Instant film cameras, film, batteries, etc.
Library job sites
Library Twitter: hashtag’s, people, organizational accounts
Podcasts


### Preguntas Leyendo
#### Source:
* 9.2 DDC Number Building: What is the rule for when the decimal comes in? For example, why in 
  Libraries + Fine arts = fine arts libraries 
  = 026 + 700 = 026.7
 OR
 Medical + journalism = medical journalism
 = 070.499 + 610 = 070.49961 (why is there no decimal between the 499 and the 61 ?)
* class number + call number = book number. 
* I think my LC call number = N489 or is it N48 ?

 


##### DDC practice
372.305 = science (372 + .5) serial publication (t1-05)

505 = science (50) + serial publication (t1-05)

20.05 = dictionary (t1-03) + religion (20)
