---
layout: post
title: "Nice to meet you MARC"
date: 2018-02-03
---

Retroactive post of Week 3's reading questions. Next time will post questions in real-time, *crossing fingers*. Sometimes there will be a bonus of links and ruminations to things found on the internet that relate to readings.

Source: _Bibliographic Formats and Standards_. OCLC Support & Training, 3 July 2016, https://www.oclc.org/bibformats/en.html. Accessed 30 Jan. 2018.

*Chapter 1*
* Repeatability: in what case would there be “The data element may occur more than once, but you enter multiple data elements in the same subfield.”
* How often is the Validity of a record code? In what case and how does a metadata cataloger know when to check the validity and include/exclude the coded field. Or is it that WorldCat may still display the field yet it might not be a valid field according to OCLC?

*Chapter 2*
* Verifying - if AACR2 formats are required for all headings and uniform titles, does that not imply RDA is allowed and why don’t they just say RDA since there is a transition off AACR2 into RDA any ways.

*Chapter 4*
* Cataloging instructions: I’m a bit confused about Access Points. How does one know a record line in MARC or an RDA record is the access point and what functionalities in the search system actually differentiate that from a regular record element. “Do not create a new record solely because of disagreement with the choice of authorized access point. Generally, do not consider access points (fields 1xx, 7xx, etc.) when deciding to create a new record.”
> ANSWER FROM CLASS: Prof says more to come next week with Authority Records. Common standard fields that are Access Points: title, author, and subject.
* Different editions: what materials have you found that fall under this description: Supply an edition statement for items known to represent different editions when there are no significant differences in the description.

### News + Links
I found [this twitter poll from an @OSFramework person](https://twitter.com/JeffSpies/status/958135043884503043) hinting at trends in librarianship. What do you think it means when librarians in scholarly communications and libtech are looking for decentralization? I'm guessing this is geared towards decentralization of publishing systems but I wonder how/if it relates to the centralization of catalog systems like WorldCat or library consortiums.
